---
layout: article
title: "Introducing the Lean Blog"
date: 2017-04-10
author: jared
---

We have recently released Lean 0.3.0 a major release known internally as "Lean 3", this release is
the culmination of a year of work on Lean. This release brings many large changes which we hope to
detail in our efforts to improve documentation, and through a series of blogs.

The most impact changes are

...

# Communication Mediums

At a high level I want to revisit and clarify where communication happens.
I think the current private Slack is a great for internal development chatter, and priorities.
We should discuss updating or clarifying external communication mediums, right now
all kinds of communication (bug reports, language design, help, Q&A) occur via email, Slack, Google Groups, and issues.

Having clearer distinctions about where each type of communication happens, will help us as we continue to acquire new users.

For example if we want to try Gitter out we should make a concerted effort to channel Lean users there. This allows us to form policies around new user problems, such as false bug reports, which we can easily close and direct users to the correct forum. Another example is possibly using Discourse over Google Groups.

We also have quite a few expert users who are not on Slack, and I think it would be good to create a single public (and easily joinable) place for new users to seek help, where both the development team and expert users will be.

# Roadmap

My final proposal is a Roadmap for the project as a whole. Currently there are multiple large changes happening each week to Lean, and we should provide a way for users and the development team to sync on the status of various initiatives. This is also a boon to users, new and old, right now we just tell people that a feature is "coming" at some point in the future, but we spend a lot of time and energy communicating the priorities, and that "yes, that feature is planned".

We could just compile a link of RFCs and supporting issues for example, or do something more complicated. I think part of this is ensuring that we publish release notes on each release.

# Looking Forward

In many ways Lean 3 is just a starting point for using Lean, we have many more exciting features

# Getting Involved

As always contributions are welcome and we encourage you to check out our getting started guides, which contain information
about how to get started working on Lean.



